so I'm in Venice Beach right now at
Abbot Kinney I'm joined by two people
who are Rachel and Brienne Rachel and
Breanna we're in a bikini right now cuz
we're gonna go shopping from Miami and
you guys are actually fashion experts
now they've been in these sports place
kind of quietly checking stuff out for a
year going a lot of different events
full disclosure the sponsored video
we're not going to talk about their
privacy they are launching a eSports
fashion line called tayo tayo anyway
thank you guys so much
[Music]
currently we like these two hopefully
everybody else likes them too otherwise
the YouTube comments are going to be
crazy why do we like those I think the
color looks really good and they're
still kind of a neutral that you'll wear
with everything neutrals are good okay
neutrals well that these are like brown
and this initial right okay you had red
Sun yeah we looked at like 15 different
pairs and it turns out the first two we
looked at are the best either these ones
or these ones and now we have to decide
they did they disagree on the glasses
which is maybe a bad sign for the future
of their business I'm not sure these are
the parent
okay so we we just bought so these are
the ones we settle on we just we're
wrapping up at Warby Parker why did we
go to Warby Parker and simply because I
know hopefully he's and Ray Bans and all
that stuff so like why they're all owned
by one brand under a big monopoly and
it's really nice to support the little
guys who are making great products and
an affordable price
- Parker doesn't everything the little
guys on Abbot Kinney well this is my
first pair for every Parker we'll see a
bit as I'm working out
[Music]
he's perfect for Miami
look at his face it was perfect for me
[Music]
but would I you should just try I
definitely think you should try do you
have favorite colors blue I have a lot
of blue stuff and I think it works well
my eyes are blue so now trend again we
could do an entire pump this would not
be do blue jackets but we do have some
fun
[Music]
working is it working
it's pretty fun I don't know yet it's
more so you don't believe it I mean what
is true is it's a very different look
you guys yes are you saying fun for you
than the other well I think that this
outfit is probably safer for the yeah
make sense sure the other one it's yeah
it's out loud and yeah
okay never in a million years I wear
this but this is look never in a million
years I don't know if it's fun would you
wear the jacket no I would never wear
this jacket I would never like the knees
like they're laughing not a good
situation and like the biggest thing
with me in shorts is like I don't want
my knees this is Anthony who helped us
out here he's awesome I want to show you
guys this tattoo is pretty cool
California raisin miss pac-man I wanted
to pin up sounds like yeah yeah and then
um they giving tree' nice
yep very very cool I just like the Mario
Mario just that one well that's like it
so we decided on the blue suits which is
its this is more like a casual suit than
anything I have for like there are like
I've noticed like sweatpants suits and
all this stuff like it's kind of weird
like merging up like very professional
stuff with like casual stuff it's very
functional
[Music]
you